to know Real Talk alright wear
on you just saw
the latest episode on wicked
tuna now it's time for we can to
know
real talk or some other best
blue pin captains in the
business
get their chance to weigh and
I'm your host Mike Salkin
joining us this week
captain Tyler mclaughlin the
pinwheel captain TJ of the Hot
Tuna
course captain Dave Caro on the
fishing vessel tonight dot com
thank you for coming in
gentleman on this last episode
we saw the bite up north
in May main waters in the fleet
descended on the crowd hotspot
couple fireworks in there as
well towers are with you because
it was your call this is already
your comfort zone
up of class there in May and how
what how did you make the
decision to get up there and and
how comfortable are you there
leon really competition out
there did some patient than I
was a kid I said a lot if it's
not there are pretty Jane
I wanna finish and I saw the
whales asada life my first line
out I caught a fish
and it has been magic from ever
send large either more of a myth
that year old to me comfort zone
want to go there more often
I N MAIN everything is a
situational official Star one
heart and the soul will be in
shortly by bounce around in
different spots
it's kinda like an early-season
spot this is the first year that
we really ever seen the bite
last as long as it did on Platz
implant is a difficult place to
figure out it's getting a lot of
people travel
you do you feel more comfortable
there than you do close at
Gloucester absolutely
I unless impression of my home
armor I feel really confident
flats and I want anyone who
thinks they can come get me a
run for my money to try
well you mention the fish there
along with TJ and it sure seems
like he jus gonna give you a run
for your money there
yeah I trust me I'm worried
about him up there he knows a
lot better than I did
his dad the up there's no doubt
about it I just hope that I can
contain
I'm not really worry about it
to be I about anything that
death doesn't feel like it's a
nice guy like a luxury liner out
there now
honey I i know i heey K we're
tackling out the ball
he found the me and where we
were patient either out in
yeah we go find a but at the
same time class is a big spot
till so it gets crowded one spot
move down the bank I mean I
caught fish all around that bank
this year
so and remove it was a very
productive spot
a lot of fish came off a bit and
I am happy I want multilayer
upholding never seen it like
that before
now it's never lasted like that
throughout August into September
it's never been a consistent
usually the
blue sharks take over the big
pollak in and you just can't get
on it now
well I want to get your first
catch their cuz I was kind of an
interesting one we'll get to
that in a moment the middle of
the night was twenty dinner in
his buddies boat but Dave
this is not your comfort zone
and we get to see you you you
like to be in your spot
doing your own thing doesn't
matter with the rest of the
fleet is due in
and the guys in your boner kinda
agony or come on man this is
where the bite is
what finally made you crack head
up there me I gotta do what I
gotta do it I'm not catching
fish fry and ensure
like stage where an upper tier
one here to make money but if I
gotta go up to maine to catch
fish and I do what I gotta do
but again these guys have been
tension there a lot longer than
I am
and as we discussed and other
episodes you know every spot
doesn't touch the same as the
other
so for me to go up there it's
gonna it's gonna take me
sometimes
the chance I like it up there
watch everybody else by Depeche
you know we're just gonna sit
there and do nothing but
as a freshman I think I can get
dialed in there and you don't
think we can get it done
TJ use the phrase you're chasing
the bite that you chase the bite
out there that that doesn't seem
like you right now a temperament
and leave a baseball player
who gets caught in between you
start guessing curveball versus
fast now an XML
you know what's common accident
and you totally off kilter can
you get that way fishing where
hey do I trust myself into I try
something new
sure I i I typically don't chase
news I like to make the news but
where I was fishing I was
definitely not making the news
you know we were taking a snooze
it was time to move was time to
go on
time to go up there figured out
make something happen if we
continue to stay where we were
it was a no win I guess I'm not
be as clear a lead as the other
thing if I found myself thinking
I was like okay
it's come a bread twenty times
in a row I keep it in black too
I switch to read it twice they
were black
going to get my hands to
yourself which we all do and we
all do
he had to do it i mean really I
will get the credit he never
chase bites
he'd he stays in does its thing
a successful doing that but when
you're hearing day in day out
guys coming in
with fish in you gotta go check
it out i mean you never know you
and government were fishermen
so we're gonna downplay it and a
lot of the guys and Ali lol
wasn't that good I got one
alija while the other 10% that
will call their didn't know
about
segal you check it out do you
do you is there a level love
pride in being the one that
found the spot is supposed to be
in the one more chance there
like a
we are tired if you're showing
up in it had to chase the by
alexa.com Stephen and here he
comes from the Westin on same
common and definitely no
laugh at him agency until like
noon I he was sleeping
want action tonight working hard
I can't do it tonight
now few really really I can i
watch you catch one tonight he
ran and it's kind of a bizarre
situation right i mean you
trying to have dinner on your
buddies boat
you got your one-year deal when
your guys on your crew members
Davis said Mary still he's not
even on your body's going to
jump across
in the middle of the night which
he said was worth it and I'm not
sure I agree with fast
you know flak on conditions you
can tweet about to be like that
all the time right transmittal
the night no big deal
something done you can wear
fashionable it out on the water
I mean you know you gonna
when we go ahead on our boats we
can drop people off and transfer
people no problem where you end
up with a hundred and ten inch
fish so fine in the middle of
the night
how great was that bad wonderful
bout on in nineteen efficient
awesome they're all over up on
top for pine water Kong
it's really good you know that's
just harder scene when they get
around the boat was not the man
in Kachin efficient night
for me and Charlie White wine I
i mean what is it is it just
is more exciting than just
doesn't happen too often we just
just nice make wow these things
it night night
it's a bonus overnight score
bonus bonus fish yet because
they don't eat too much and I
is that they're in certain spots
the upper class they do
historically by a little more
night and during the day but I
mean
I catch a very small percentage
official 9i think we all
you know I just call you know
your plan on catching a fish
when the Suns out now and then
all the sudden awakening
ninety having dinner in the rod
laps over you gotta may check
I'm tackled I mean
much better than i keep somebody
awake on I just a monitor that
already has a way lol was I let
me ask their
makin sure enough does not ships
and freighters coming through
other boats and you don't get
run over at night obviously we
have lots of lights and stuff
like that the chine
show people are at so averages
are anchored up together the
as I love them I was like I spot
that I want rising it up on top
ovens in the other boats kinda
felt there and met the guys are
in the spot
as the ones that are getting by
it became is ill for sure let
alone
it was going they'll allow for
the phrase a few times you 10
splendid everybody sat at boats
running everywhere
I don't know who coined a new
starter you know it as I have a
long weekend warrior Cana
Hoople someone emailed me about
the kids especially going grew
up there
very much you know I can get
pretty bad they could get pretty
crowded
and as we saw was like please
attack in your Yeso passion
about your spot
I'm a dirty Jew we found this
little bit with you on this
story yet Tyler
he may say he knows class but I
sort of them plus white mustache
you know I ever have in some
big days Amplats when he was in
the back we have 15 we've got a
lot to turn is a plus
who's the most territorial
captain in the flea TJ at
I think we all are are you with
dog collar sorry I don't spots
to me it's it's it's it's it's a
mind thing you know like
and want to be on that spot
where you produce in the past
comfortable
Andrea reality you maybe a
quarter mile down the bank into
just as good but
it's just it's gonna screw you
over the heads up you just wanna
be costly back in that area we
are reproduced
wouldn't do anything in your
there you've caught a fish in
the middle of the night the word
get tougher so how does the word
get out as everybody find a
higher soon to turn a buyer they
let us know either
other boats at sea catch their
call their bodies to be here as
they can catch a fish but they
can give someone some
information and that's what
that's like beating on their
desires
the worst to these are the same
guys are going and bring in the
fish to the guy at a look in as
the real bad the mine is not
enough in the mail as these guys
an orgasm or fish they take in
the more money they make okay so
they may say on or I want say no
other than a minute ago
failure and we all got a
unicycle a spy to fish my buyers
call me tell is only as big
oscars
yes hard to stay wanna South
session to know what's brought
all that on the whispers cousin
with everybody else care of
business everything going on a
schedule fish
we catch fish to make money I
see the racket okay so they let
everybody know
tell you there you've got a fish
a big one in the middle of the
night and all the sudden you
wake up in the morning and half
the fleet is that it was their
mind
I'm just sickness and joie star
like puking I means terrible and
you got a spot all yourself
feeling about their you wake up
in his 20 boats and yes idea
great because I'm a garage and a
all these lines in the water and
heat that's gonna put the fish
down they're not going to be as
Kant warn their feeding cycle
makes it difficult are you more
worried that somebody else is
gonna catch a fish
or that somebody's gonna that is
gonna make it more difficult for
you to catch because I've
all want it on the line it's
gonna and a brother the line by
me know that is both super light
line now
different things educating
officials and I'm not knowing
how to handle big fish like that
you know they get hot once they
got their name comes at a
roundup
so these people are educating
the fish they don't have the
skills are
the terminal tackle the land Big
Ten officials a hundred
tendentious
we'll society jailed a vow to
Dave sorted out of his comfort
zone there he
went up there didn't have all
others start didn't have enough
water didn't have enough ice
and for you you said EM you can
earn were clear heyday looks to
be a little out of his element
you ask all questions but at the
end to the day you help a guy
who need some help
you too high seas Cursi mad at
you know I I know you do it for
me in
i ii spent a lot of money get
there he is my competition but
ultimately I like to see or be
successful out there
and if I can help him since
prolong his trip and quite
possibly get a fish I'm gonna do
it I do for Tyler's well I do
from RCI over Paul
we do a friend that i three Joel
Gott exist out there now bitch
lol
I know what it's like to Galway
tail between legs with no fish
in all on
it's a terrible feeling so as
much as I don't want to
really smoke me II deftly that
helping out I'll I thought about
me over the car comes around for
me
McCann a rare moment of weakness
for you damir pretty confident
guy in general it
seem like I wanna say you felt
like you didn't know what was
going on but you've seemed a
little more vulnerable than
we're used to saint
yeah i know i mean I was in a
bad spot you know just things
won't happen and don't go on up
there like he said a little
outta my element
I don't know much about bottom I
don't know about much about know
the bite daytime nighttime what
date was ok
you know it just I was I was out
there but you know TJ was nice
enough to help me out to be some
ice in
I could prolong my steak and I
was staying inside I wasn't
planning on being out for a few
days I was planning on going
that far
use ice was critical factor as
was feel you also the new
may on
boat at this point jordy that is
run in the second week or so on
the ball how's that working out
great
no jury jody has some experience
in these he's proven himself
ready and out I'm gonna get my
shot at it I think he's gonna be
a great asset to develop
well you guys are fighting for
territory up in maine you
weren't the only ones we also
saw the harpoon guys getting
after each other
quite a bit and a hollywood just
attract trouble right now what
is it
about him that just attract some
of the anger bitterness
competition that seems to fall
well he's not very quiet either
so I mean
we love would but he he does
Steph we look for
and those guys said he he's fine
with there are very prominent
figures
in our porn industry got the
best best arbiter in NJ zero two
main
their anti plane right they're
not for the plane
do it all on visual they're very
talented guys and they're
probably the best at that
so that would allow myself to
woodys what he's pretty damn
good to hear
mom to say the plane plane right
yet into this way nizar anti
playing big-time
so jus it is your chance at that
these guys are out there you
know that they're doing it the
way they did the prudent way
seen on my site and chasing down
whereas when he's getting called
in with herds are
and nothing gets to play me i i
love them appointed by our promo
so but for the would you go up
there with his plane stick a
fish right for them
they don't like that it looks to
me like that there is doing
business and fun
right like Legos you can have a
plane it's a business decision
to go catch as many as you can
as opposed to her
the challenge of trying to go
out there guys are going to just
as good as some the guys with
the plane really
yes sir apple red haired yes sir
their top produce about that but
he was fighting with are some
other bets are posing every
customer
we gonna harpoon yeah I have
yeah I know you know but I don't
think I'm going TJ TJ driving I
was attacked on embryos I was
new
everything okay hold I how hard
is it to you the difference in
your yard winners
on your phone call you know
there's refractive the water
column right you know I throw
out that you are run-up back to
that thing it's actually
happening daily danger is not
stable
it you're staying up there it's
very it's very wobbly you fall
off the boat running over
right there are guys from the
Cape that they can do in their
slimming
really yeah it's an art it's an
art it no doubt a lot of people
think it's it's that its of air
its sheen
but those guys from serenely
difficult the best in the
business event on our plans and
Sarah located so what you get
into the run real stuff instead
anatomy the quake
just like just like what you do
better I want to drive around a
look for tunes are they want to
play dates for men trying to
check on the Muni child anything
I've had a huge respect for the
harper's I think it's
it's phenomenal into a public if
leaders at how many people in
there while there's a different
quote early as a small quote i
mean that there's quite a few
arpa both
but the 50 police couple
handfuls a guys that are
extremely successful aa
call 1800 things that racket
yeah I think the big thing Press
why women shoes are putting
any there's a lotta restrictions
on it if it's not sunny
and it's not mom you cannot
harpoon we can fish in all types
whether
so those guys can get held up at
the dock for two weeks at a time
taken as a whole season as the
water warms up you know the fish
push down to work on whether or
not running digesting my there
early in the season was colder
so
they have a very small window to
make a lot of money it does seem
like they got a lot of big fish
though
it seems a lot of the fish they
got what they can pass on the
biggest ones they
that they that are out there
they just seem like fun on a
thought for now on
in and it's pretty amazing
really at those guys have been
really critical collecting data
for us over the years the plains
and
you know what we're fighting for
quote over the government's up
those guys
without that we will also call
it a long time ago in the other
thing that seems interesting on
that strikes me as they you're
seeing big schools and Fisher
with a 35 minute I'm based on
that it surprises me that you
guys don't have more dual
hookups were you get to fish on
the line
we can catch those photos fish
you get the idea they do not eat
those fish
are already done eating they're
up in the upper water column in
a nice warm water
one in their core temperatures
and are also digesting their
food guys are done
we can see them on some calm
days we'll see them out runnin
you know even without having a
tower but
no way children for them all day
as
and up till like Simon aircrew
isn't there think they don't
need it anymore in a different
state of mind the right I heard
on we're done as well at least
for today guys that all the time
we have I want to thank all
three
captain Tyler mclaughlin on the
pinwheel TJ ot
captain the Hot Tuna course
captain de Ferreira the fishing
vessel to the dot-com thank you
all for being with us you go to
Nat Geo TV dot com slash
real talk to catch all on the
Real Talk episodes
we'll be back again next week
right after the all-new episode
episode
a wicked tuna on National
Geographic Channel Sunday's
at nine o'clock in wheels first
made a vid will question its
future on the ball and better in
both
bounty hunter makes a return as
well Thailand able be back after
they marciano as well
hard merchandise get your we
could do to fix my liking us on
Facebook or follow us on Twitter
to get daily updates we'll see
you next time on a wicked tuna
real time